hey how are you how you doing nothing
makes sense anymore
are you okay Daisy broke oh well it's
gonna be okay
you're right Clarence I want you to meet
keanue door open be honest I'm sorry Oh
bro I'm here cuz my place got broken
into there's anyone Shady come by here I
mean there's 17 street blips the 76 okay
where are they
17th Street let's just go check it out
what's the worst that can happen
one beer please I'll take a white wine
spritzer Clarence what you can't talk
like that here then we really are in
trouble because you sound like Jean
Ritter all the time well ah beg to
differ
went straight to the n-word you
in the right place
Oh
Cheddar's got kyani we in the market
right now for like a gangster pet so
[Applause]
breaking the law we just feed him some
about New Jack city
you kill me
you ain't never seen nobody good kid
are you what do you think my idea
farm was why are you talking to me like
that I talk like that sometimes why
you'd ride as weak as man we want to
never get pulled over again you Java
inconspicuous bad new vehicle ain't no
dang
kitty-kitty
see what we got here what the is
this oh this must right here
[Music]